fix(opener): return error if path not exists (#2253)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/fix-opener-open-path-error.md

---
"opener": patch
"opener-js": patch
---

> `open_path` now returns an error if the file does not exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Return an error in `open_path` if the file does not exist when opening with default application.
```
